Filip/dev 698 continuous query sql where clause docs (#393)
tryVital/docs: docs/changelog/wearables/api.mdx

import HorizonAIBeta from '/snippets/horizon-ai-beta.mdx';

### Horizon AI Query WHERE clause (September 2025)

Horizon AI Query now accepts a `where` clause so you can filter input rows before aggregation.

<Accordion icon="filter" iconType="duotone" title="Details" defaultOpen>

- Compose SQL-style predicates with `>`, `>=`, `<`, `<=`, `=`, `!=`, `NOT`, `AND`, `OR`, and parenthesis grouping.
- Filters always run before `group_by` evaluation when both clauses are present.
- DSL helpers expose `.where("…")` so you can keep filtering logic alongside your select and aggregation expressions.

> - Read more in the [WHERE clause documentation](/api-reference/horizon-ai/aggregation/query-dsl/where-clause).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out the [WHERE clause](/api-reference/horizon-ai/aggregation/query-dsl/where-clause) documentation for more details.
```
